# Welcome to WiDS Kathmandu Datathon Workshop 2022

The **WiDS kathmandu Datathon Workshop 2022** is the first workshop organized by Manisha Panta. 
The workshop is designed to support and guide local participants through the WiDS Datathon, hosted on Kaggle, January 6 - February 23rd. You can join the WiDS Datathon 2022 as an individual or with a team to tackle this data challenge competing with other teams from all over the world. More details [Here](https://www.widsconference.org/datathon.html) 

## Data challenge this year
The WiDS Datathon 2022 will address an important way to mitigate the effects of climate change with a focus on energy efficiency. Climate change is a globally relevant, urgent, and multi-faceted issue heavily impacted by energy policy and infrastructure. Addressing climate change involves mitigation (i.e. mitigating greenhouse gas emissions) and adaptation (i.e. preparing for unavoidable consequences). Mitigation of GHG emissions requires changes to electricity systems, transportation, buildings, industry, and land use. <br><br>
The WiDS Datathon 2022 dataset was created in collaboration with Climate Change AI (CCAI) and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab). WiDS Datathon participants will analyze regional differences in building energy efficiency, and build models to predict building energy consumption, an important first step in understanding how to maximize energy efficiency. Accurate predictions of energy consumption can help policymakers target retrofitting efforts to maximize emissions reductions. <br><br>
If you have not participated in Kaggle competitions before or if you do not have sufficient data science skills, please join our pre-training sessions on 17th and 18th February. We will help you to use Kaggle platform, understand the dataset, introduce data analysis pipeline, brainstorming on possible solutions, etc. As a warm-up for the Datathon, People who have experience in data science are also very welcome to join to help others and get to know your team members in Datathon.

