# Welcome to WiDS Kathmandu Datathon Workshop 2022

The **WiDS kathmandu Datathon Workshop 2022** is the first workshop organized by Manisha Panta. 
The workshop is designed to support and guide local participants through the WiDS Datathon, hosted on Kaggle, January 6 - February 23rd. You can join the WiDS Datathon 2022 as an individual or with a team to tackle this data challenge competing with other teams from all over the world. More details [Here](https://www.widsconference.org/datathon.html) 

## Data challenge this year
The WiDS Datathon 2022 will address an important way to mitigate the effects of climate change with a focus on energy efficiency. Climate change is a globally relevant, urgent, and multi-faceted issue heavily impacted by energy policy and infrastructure. Addressing climate change involves mitigation (i.e. mitigating greenhouse gas emissions) and adaptation (i.e. preparing for unavoidable consequences). Mitigation of GHG emissions requires changes to electricity systems, transportation, buildings, industry, and land use. <br><br>
The WiDS Datathon 2022 dataset was created in collaboration with Climate Change AI (CCAI) and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab). WiDS Datathon participants will analyze regional differences in building energy efficiency, and build models to predict building energy consumption, an important first step in understanding how to maximize energy efficiency. Accurate predictions of energy consumption can help policymakers target retrofitting efforts to maximize emissions reductions. <br><br>
The workshop session will be held on February 17. Please register [Here]() to participate. We will help you to use Kaggle platform, understand the dataset, introduce to exploring dataset and building predictive models. The session is open to all genders with little or no any prior experience in tackling real-world data science problem. <br><br> Feel free to communicate with other participants and form a team to submit your solution to WiDS data challenge in Kaggle.

